This program was developed in Ubuntu 16.04.
Please install the following libraries before compiling and running.
sudo apt-get install libglew-dev
sudo apt-get install freeglut3-dev

usage:
cd hw1-starterCode/
make
./hw1 <heightmap file>

Note that files other than "hw1.cpp" were also modified slightly.
Please compile the project with all files in the zip file.
If you are using vmware to run this code, there might be a bug using opengl texture. (https://communities.vmware.com/thread/537924?start=0&tstart=0)

Basic requirements for this homework:
1. This program uses the OpenGL core profile, version 3.3, and shader-based OpenGL.
2. This program can handle at least a 256x256 image at interactive frame rates (window size of 1280x720).
3. This program is able to render the height field as points, lines ("wireframe"), solid triangles and wireframe with solid triangles (with switching keys 'q', 'w', 'e', 'r', respectively).
4. This program renders as a perspective view, and utilizes GL's depth buffer for hidden surface removal.
5. User can use input from the mouse to rotate the heightfield. (left button for x, y axis, middle button for z axis)
6. User can use input from the mouse to move the heightfield. (left button for x, y axis, middle button for z axis with control button preesed)
7. User can use input from the mouse to change the scale of the heightfield. (left button for x, y axis, middle button for z axis with shift button preesed)
8. Grayscale (combined with texture) is used for coloring vertices using smooth gradient.
9. The source code is commented as detailed as possible.
10. 300 animation images are stored in animation/ 


Extras:
1. This program uses element arrays and glDrawElements for optimization.
2. GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP is also used for optimization.
3. This program supports color (ImageIO::getBytesPerPixel == 3) in input images (try "heightmap/linux.jpg")
4. This program is able to render wireframe on top of solid triangles (with switching key 'r'), z-buffer fighting is avoided using glPolygonOffset, please take a closer look in animation images.
5. This program also uses texture to color the surface with an texture image. (height and color gradient is still preserved)
